README.md, before:

# AI Checklist Review App

React + Vite single-page application that delivers a two-step experience for running conversational checklist reviews with an AI assistant. Tailwind CSS drives the styling, while the Web Speech API powers live speech recognition and synthesis.

## Stack

- React 18 with Vite build tooling
- React Router for `/` and `/call` navigation
- Tailwind CSS + PostCSS for styling
- Web Speech API (SpeechRecognition + speechSynthesis) for voice interactivity

## Features

- Landing page with hero messaging and “Join Call” CTA that routes to the call interface
- Call UI simulating an active AI call: status bar, animated visualizer, transcript, and real-time checklist
- Voice-first workflow: AI greets, speaks responses, listens for user speech, and updates checklist statuses
- Device switching support with live microphone input meter and fallback messaging when voice APIs are unavailable
- Downloadable JSON summary once the checklist is complete

## Local Development

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

The dev server opens automatically. Grant microphone access and use a supported browser (Chrome, Edge, or Safari) to test the speech features.

## Production Build

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## Agora Voice Setup

- The call page now connects to Agora for audio-only meetings when you click “Join Call”.
- Add your Agora credentials to `.env.local` (values must be prefixed with `VITE_` for Vite):
  - `VITE_AGORA_APP_ID`
  - `VITE_AGORA_CHANNEL`
  - `VITE_AGORA_TEMP_TOKEN` (leave blank when using an app certificate-less project)
  - `VITE_AGORA_UID` (optional numeric UID; Agora will auto-assign if omitted)
- Restart the dev server after updating `.env.local` so Vite picks up the new variables.

## Conversational AI Agent Join

- Clicking “Join Call” now invokes the Agora Conversational AI Agent join API (`/api/conversational-ai-agent/v2/projects/{projectId}/join`).
- Provide the agent configuration via `.env.local`:
  - `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_AUTH`: Base64 string of `CustomerID:CustomerSecret` for Basic auth.
  - `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_JOIN_URL`: Optional override for the join endpoint. Defaults to the project URL built from `VITE_AGORA_APP_ID`.
  - `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_NAME`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_RTC_UID`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_REMOTE_UIDS`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_ENABLE_STRING_UID`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_IDLE_TIMEOUT`.
  - `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_ASR_LANGUAGE` (defaults to `en-US`).
  - Optional LLM params: `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_LLM_URL`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_LLM_API_KEY`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_LLM_MODEL`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_SYSTEM_MESSAGE`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_GREETING_MESSAGE`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_FAILURE_MESSAGE`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_LLM_MAX_HISTORY`.
  - Optional TTS params: `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_TTS_VENDOR`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_TTS_KEY`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_TTS_REGION`, `VITE_AGORA_AGENT_TTS_VOICE`.
- These credentials are exposed client-side; deploy only in trusted environments or proxy the request through your backend for production scenarios.

## Extending Voice Capabilities

- `src/pages/CallPage.jsx` mocks AI scoring inside the `evaluateResponse` helper. Replace this function with a call to your backend when you are ready to integrate real intelligence.
- Voice capture currently relies solely on the browser microphone via `navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`. Swap in a streaming provider by wiring your connection logic into the initialization block and `applySelectedInput` helper.
- The conversation flow is orchestrated by `handleUserSpeech`. Extend that function to relay transcripts to your service and handle its responses.

## Voice API Notes

- The app depends on `window.SpeechRecognition` / `webkitSpeechRecognition` and `speechSynthesis`. Unsupported browsers trigger a graceful fallback page.
- Microphone level monitoring uses the Web Audio API (`AudioContext`). Ensure your deployment target allows microphone capture over HTTPS.

## Folder Structure

```
.
├── src
│   ├── components   # Reusable UI pieces
│   ├── pages        # Landing and Call views
│   ├── App.jsx      # Router setup
│   └── main.jsx     # App bootstrap
├── public           # Static assets (if added)
├── index.html
└── tailwind.config.js
```

## Accessibility Considerations

- Buttons have descriptive labels and rely on large touch targets.
- Transcript distinguishes between AI and user with orientation and labels.
- Voice-only workflows include real-time text transcript as an alternative modality.

## License

MIT © 2024

Commit message:

Add agent controller server and update agent join flow
Introduces a new Node.js server (server.js) to act as an agent controller proxying join requests to Agora, with environment variable configuration loaded from .env files. Updates the frontend to send agent join requests to this controller instead of directly to Agora, removes direct exposure of Agora secrets in the browser, and updates documentation and environment examples accordingly. Also refactors the CallPage and ChecklistSidebar layouts for improved responsiveness.

README.md, after:

# AI Checklist Review App

React + Vite single-page application that delivers a two-step experience for running conversational checklist reviews with an AI assistant. Tailwind CSS drives the styling, while the Web Speech API powers live speech recognition and synthesis.

## Stack

- React 18 with Vite build tooling
- React Router for `/` and `/call` navigation
- Tailwind CSS + PostCSS for styling
- Web Speech API (SpeechRecognition + speechSynthesis) for voice interactivity

## Features

- Landing page with hero messaging and “Join Call” CTA that routes to the call interface
- Call UI simulating an active AI call: status bar, animated visualizer, transcript, and real-time checklist
- Voice-first workflow: AI greets, speaks responses, listens for user speech, and updates checklist statuses
- Device switching support with live microphone input meter and fallback messaging when voice APIs are unavailable
- Downloadable JSON summary once the checklist is complete

## Local Development

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

The dev server opens automatically. Grant microphone access and use a supported browser (Chrome, Edge, or Safari) to test the speech features.

## Production Build

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

## Agora Voice Setup

- The call page now connects to Agora for audio-only meetings when you click “Join Call”.
- Add your Agora credentials to `.env.local` (values must be prefixed with `VITE_` for Vite):
  - `VITE_AGORA_APP_ID`
  - `VITE_AGORA_CHANNEL`
  - `VITE_AGORA_TEMP_TOKEN` (leave blank when using an app certificate-less project)
  - `VITE_AGORA_UID` (optional numeric UID; Agora will auto-assign if omitted)
- Restart the dev server after updating `.env.local` so Vite picks up the new variables.

## Conversational AI Agent Join

- Clicking “Join Call” now sends a POST request to the agent controller service (`server.js`), which forwards the payload to Agora’s Conversational AI Agent join API.
- Point `VITE_AGENT_CONTROLLER_URL` (or `VITE_AI_AGENT_SERVER_URL`) in `.env.local` to the base URL of your deployed controller; the client will call `${baseUrl}/agent/join`.
- Run the controller locally with `node server.js` (default host `0.0.0.0:3000`) and deploy it to AWS EC2 for production. Configure optional `PORT`, `HOST`, or `ALLOWED_ORIGINS` environment variables to fit your hosting environment.
- The controller will automatically read a `.env` file from its working directory—store your `AGORA_*` secrets there when running on EC2 instead of exporting them manually.
- Start from `.env.example` for local testing: copy it to `.env`, fill in the Agora values, and the same settings will be picked up when you run `node server.js`.
- Provide the controller with Agora credentials and settings via environment variables: `AGORA_APP_ID`, `AGORA_AGENT_AUTH` (Base64 `CustomerID:CustomerSecret`), `AGORA_CHANNEL`, `AGORA_TEMP_TOKEN`, `AGORA_AGENT_NAME`, `AGORA_AGENT_RTC_UID`, `AGORA_AGENT_REMOTE_UIDS`, `AGORA_AGENT_ENABLE_STRING_UID`, `AGORA_AGENT_IDLE_TIMEOUT`, `AGORA_AGENT_ASR_LANGUAGE`, plus optional LLM (`AGORA_AGENT_LLM_API_KEY`, `AGORA_AGENT_LLM_URL`, `AGORA_AGENT_LLM_MODEL`, `AGORA_AGENT_SYSTEM_MESSAGE`, `AGORA_AGENT_GREETING_MESSAGE`, `AGORA_AGENT_FAILURE_MESSAGE`, `AGORA_AGENT_LLM_MAX_HISTORY`) and TTS (`AGORA_AGENT_TTS_KEY`, `AGORA_AGENT_TTS_VENDOR`, `AGORA_AGENT_TTS_REGION`, `AGORA_AGENT_TTS_VOICE`) parameters.
- With the proxy in place the browser no longer needs direct access to the Agora secrets—keep them server-side for production deployments.

## Extending Voice Capabilities

- `src/pages/CallPage.jsx` mocks AI scoring inside the `evaluateResponse` helper. Replace this function with a call to your backend when you are ready to integrate real intelligence.
- Voice capture currently relies solely on the browser microphone via `navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia`. Swap in a streaming provider by wiring your connection logic into the initialization block and `applySelectedInput` helper.
- The conversation flow is orchestrated by `handleUserSpeech`. Extend that function to relay transcripts to your service and handle its responses.

## Voice API Notes

- The app depends on `window.SpeechRecognition` / `webkitSpeechRecognition` and `speechSynthesis`. Unsupported browsers trigger a graceful fallback page.
- Microphone level monitoring uses the Web Audio API (`AudioContext`). Ensure your deployment target allows microphone capture over HTTPS.

## Folder Structure

```
.
├── src
│   ├── components   # Reusable UI pieces
│   ├── pages        # Landing and Call views
│   ├── App.jsx      # Router setup
│   └── main.jsx     # App bootstrap
├── public           # Static assets (if added)
├── index.html
└── tailwind.config.js
```

## Accessibility Considerations

- Buttons have descriptive labels and rely on large touch targets.
- Transcript distinguishes between AI and user with orientation and labels.
- Voice-only workflows include real-time text transcript as an alternative modality.

## License

MIT © 2024
